[Word] (Samples) Updating JS patterns in Word articles (#3271)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/word/search-option-guidance.md

---
title: Use search options to find text in your Word add-in 

> description: 'Learn to use search options in your Word add-in'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn to use search options in your Word add-in.
```
